fix: update Enforce-Encryption-CMK.json (#1926)
Azure/Enterprise-Scale: docs/wiki/Whats-new.md

- Updated the ***Baseline alerts and monitoring*** integration section in the portal accelerator to deploy the latest release of AMBA (2025-02-05). To read more on the changes, see the [What's new](https://aka.ms/amba/alz/whatsnew) page in the AMBA documentation.

#### Breaking Changes

> - The policy defintion [Azure AI Search services should use customer-managed keys to encrypt data at rest](https://www.azadvertizer.net/azpolicyadvertizer/76a56461-9dc0-40f0-82f5-2453283afa2f.html) has been upgrade to version 2.0.0. This changes the default effect value from "Deny" to "AuditIfNotExists" while removing "Deny" from allowedValues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The policy defintion [Azure AI Search services should use customer-managed keys to encrypt data at rest](https://www.azadvertizer.net/azpolicyadvertizer/76a56461-9dc0-40f0-82f5-2453283afa2f.html) has been updated to version 2.0.0. This changes the default effect value from "Deny" to "AuditIfNotExists" while removing "Deny" from allowedValues, therefore we needed to adopt this change in our intiative.
```
